chore: skip integration tests for docs (#4429)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/release_notes.rst

  our pre-commit hooks expect, reducing annoying back-and-forth and diffs. See
  :issue:`4119` and :pr:`4401`.

> * Stopped running code checks in CI when no code has changed. See :issue:`4410`
>   and :pr:`4429`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stopped running code checks in CI when only the documentation has changed.
  See issue :issue:`4410` and PR :pr:`4429`.
```
